What's the legend?
Mr. Ji, we sent someone to follow that person before
After discovering that he had a private personal meeting
They entered Shen Tianze's apartment
Found that he is 85% similar to Shen Tianze
Basically, it is certain that this person is Shen Tianze
How could it be him?
Previous Hunter Bowley Confidential Leaks
Our investigation shows that
Both have Mr. Shen's arms
I didn't expect it.
I have such a big venomous snake hidden by my side
Mr. Ji, what should we do next?
Gather evidence
Idiots don't even know they're being followed
Looks like they already know it's me
What should the boss do now?
Brother, why are you here, Jin Shuang?